Behaviour: Substrate Remark & Observation

   In earlier personal notes, I've stressed a comparison model that has an
 increasing impact on what I am getting out of AI models in general. Further
 more, I have also pointed out that 'system prompt' and how individuals tend to
 gravitate to specific conversational models.

   To put it plainly, I believe that the engineers of the various models have
 exercised a geneeralized opinion on the models they care for by fine-tuning
 those models into expressing themselves in ways they believe are most likely
 to entice continued use.

   I believe that this something, we as users of AI, should bare in mind when
 attempting to figure out which model is best tailored to fit our needs, and
 that that particular quality should be apart of awareness in addressing
 performance evaluations. It is true that Stable-Diffision and BlackBox are
 tailored for exacting use cases and ChatGPT et al(Bard, Claude, etc) are
 designed for more general use case applications. I want to point out that
 BlackBox has been preloaded with a system prompt that is tailored for more
 agreeable and clear scripting and designed to support its claim by pointing
 to the examples it emulated to solve the issues at hand. ChatGPT is very much
 capable of producing the same quality of work as any other system that was
 engineered into a more specific use case.

   This being said, I'll support that claim by expanding on prompt quality.
 A lot of the work done into 'system prompt' can be done between you and the
 model you've chosen to use. You need to polarize handy-waveness of your model
 into more specific alignment when collapsing probability into a response. If
 in any way your chosen model hasn't the slightest idea of your background
 understanding of a topic, it has a potential impact on 'hallucinating'
 responses.

   AI hallucination isn't a weakness in the model, it's a weakness in the
 combination of system prompt(engineers opinion of usefulness to you and their
 corporate overlords), your prompt in respect to conversation momentum held in
 total. If you feel like your chosen model is weak... Spend more time with it
 in a more conversational respect. Given that it's a probability machine, it
 has a great tendency to sum your needs up very accurately.
